totino's Tuesday okay it's not really
totino Tuesday it's question Tuesday but
I've been craving this like crazy so
just bear with me okay thank you cheese
on my boob purple 31 princess back if I
could live on any planet which one would
it be I think I probably stick with
earth I mean everybody I know lives on
earth and all my socks on earth and i
really like air and water so i probably
stick with earth for now Broadway babe
three after there is a line for my book
that I fell really super creative for
coming up with if you'll all turn with
me to page 138 isn't it the last chapter
of a book that really makes it worth
reading every story has to end and
everyone thinks that death is a sad way
to end a story but that's just not true
if it is we're all just walking
tragedies for those of you who haven't
read the siren it feels a lot with life
and death and sort of dealing with
what's best for yourself over what's
best for others and those are things i
struggle with so that's one of my
favorite parts the book Lil lip Little
Miss up lil miss acts as if I ever got
myself back from the creeper pothead I
did and for those of you who don't know
the story grandma cast sent some stuff
for baby to us and accidentally send it
to our old address the guys in the house
had opened the box and went through our
things and then had misplaced them
because it was the end of school year
and they were moving out and they were
also very slovenly through Calloway very
persuasive measures we got our stuff
back and so everything was fine a little
fun fact about mr. Calloway cash don't
mess with his wife he will end you 531
bloodlust 531 asked if I thought the
baby would look more like me or cow away
honestly I think it's probably gonna
look more like me because my jeans are
more dominant but I really hope the baby
discount ways I milk up for chocolate
that's what I did before I was married
and if I'm already working on a new book
before I was married I went to school I
graduated from college in December of
2003 and was married in May of 2004 so
it was a very brief period of time there
yes I am working on a new book it's
called the selection and I already
finished the first draft months ago but
I realized that I'm gonna have to
rewrite the entire thing because I got
the main character wrong I really wish
she would have
me about this much thinner booboo rocks
three wants to know what I like on my
popcorn okay seriously guys you need to
go try this go get a bag of popcorn go
get some razor neck combine it is so
delicious you will love it you will not
regret this decision in your life I
promise truth try it would and lost
people are really curious about what
babies names gonna be we still don't
know as soon as i know i promise i will
tell you i won't leave you hanging on
that one I swear thanks for all of your
Plato's sculpture suggestions I haven't
picked one yet i'm not sure i'll tell
you i think one day i'll just make it
and show it to you how do something like
that and a great questions again as
always so keep them coming